Design and implementation of technology-based enterprise mobile distributed under open source collaborative cloud office services

In recent years, with the rapid popularization of intelligent terminals, mobile Internet users show explosive growth. Mobile Internet services greatly enrich our daily lives. Mobile social (micro-channel, microblogging), handheld shopping (Taobao, Jingdong, Lynx), mobile payment (Alipay, micro letter, ApplePay) and so on. Now many industries are seeking to catch up with high-speed mobile Internet tour train. But want transformation of the mobile Internet, the company's management with the first thing. First, most of the enterprises in the enterprise collaboration software into small, previously used mostly ERP, CRM types of software, and software update speed is very slow, most of the software is updated once a year or six months, two years or more have a big release, this update rate is far behind the needs of users, behind the development of the business; secondly, high-speed development of the domestic economy spawned a large number of entrepreneurs, they set up a small the number of small and micro enterprises but the number has already reached the million level for small and micro enterprises in the domestic collaboration software market is just beginning, very simple; synergy between data silos also difficult formula urgent problems of modern enterprises, departments, enterprises have different upstream and downstream data hinders the growth of enterprises. Now the enterprise collaboration market now meet the urgent need of a wave of mobile Internet business collaboration services.
The emergence of cloud services let people see the hope to solve these problems. The cloud of enterprise collaboration services, the business to the cloud will effectively open up the enterprise, the data between enterprises; enterprise collaborative move, let the enterprise collaboration with certain social property, will greatly enhance enterprise, synergy between enterprises, and reduce the cost of collaboration. At the same time can accelerate cloud-based software update service, making enterprise collaboration service capabilities to enhance the speed to catch up with the development of society. However, the cloud-based enterprise collaboration services also presents new challenges. The tens of millions of enterprise collaboration services provided by the cloud, the cloud service is undoubtedly a lot of pressure. In this paper, two open source project Zookeeper Apache open source community and Thrift, combined with the idea of distributed design and implement a high-performance formula, a highly available enterprise cloud collaboration services to meet demand.